JAKE ARCHIBALD: Two minutes.
SURMA: Two minutes,
one topic that you have
to explain to me what is it.
JAKE ARCHIBALD: It is
JavaScript Symbols.
SURMA: Go.
JAKE ARCHIBALD: So
JavaScript Symbols.
SURMA: They exist.
I'm aware.
JAKE ARCHIBALD: So this is a
kind of a new primitive type.
SURMA: Yes, it is.
JAKE ARCHIBALD: Because
they're not objects.
Right?
And it's a new
thing where if you
do type of one of these
things it comes up with symbol
rather than object
because it's a primitive.
SURMA: Why?
What do I use them for?
JAKE ARCHIBALD: Well, so
it's a way to-- because you
can use them as object keys.
So you can create a symbol
and all you do is just--
SURMA: So instead of going,
object dot my property,
I go object--
JAKE ARCHIBALD: Open brackets,
you can put a symbol in there,
and you can assign stuff to it.
And it's kind of hidden.
It's not super hidden,
but it's kind of hidden.
It's not innumerable.
SURMA: Oh, it's not innumerable.
JAKE ARCHIBALD: Exactly.
SURMA: So if I go
like object dot keys
or whatever the function
is, it won't be listed?
JAKE ARCHIBALD: Yep.
And it means-- so we've got
things like to JSON, right?
And this is sort of a standard
function where it will--
that's how it will convert
your object to JSON.
And it's a pain because
it's that function
can clash with other stuff.
It can happen.
So the idea is
that there'll just
be this unique symbol
created and that's
where you would expose
that sort of stuff
if we did it again now.
SURMA: Oh, so
basically we are using
that to allow you to hook it
to things on the platform.
JAKE ARCHIBALD: Yes.
And that's how iterators work.
SURMA: Right.
I actually saw that.
I never knew what it was.
So it can make your own
object or even your own class,
I guess, iterable
by using symbols.
JAKE ARCHIBALD:
By using symbols.
And they're the most unique
thing on the platform.
Because if you
call symbol twice,
they're both unique
across anything
even if you give
them the same name.
SURMA: So every
symbol, you can never
recreate the same
symbol unless you
have the exact reference to it.
JAKE ARCHIBALD: And except
if you do symbol dot four,
and you give it a name.
Then now that is a
symbol for that name.
And that is the least
unique thing in JavaScript
because that is the same
value across I-frames as well.
And that's how iterators
work across I-frames too.
SURMA: Interesting.
I wonder if I wrote a
blog post about this.
JAKE ARCHIBALD:
And that's Symbols.
SURMA: You can't dance along
to this song as well as the--
we need more rhythm.
I mean, we can do the robot.
JAKE ARCHIBALD:
I feel like we've
dropped the ball
on trying to think
of the names of
things that are going
to draw people to these videos.
So why don't we just
call it symbol whack.
JavaScript Symbol Whack.
That's what that
section was about.
We'll edit that into the video.
That's fine.